Flying bird
You smell so bad.
I heard you say something happened and I had to go on a trip.
Smiling pale
What's going on?
That's why I left the press conference.
He doesn't attend the press conference anymore.
Don't know ah
Is it related to To Van Cam not coming or is it related to Tran Tinh Ngoc really?
For what reason did the actor leave the press conference?
In fact, our lead actor suddenly left the press conference, do you have anything to say?
In fact, the male and female leads finally chose to leave the press conference.
Is the reason behind it that you put pressure on them in the film crew?
Let's really give you some news.
program started